feat(curriculum): add block 2 dialogs and tasks of the B1 course of the English Curriculum (#57471)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-past-experiences/674604ef287b978febd50bc9.md

---
id: 674604ef287b978febd50bc9
title: Task 30
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-30
---

<!-- (Audio) Lisa: Wasn't it stressful though? -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Wasn't it stressful BLANK?`

## --blanks--

`though`

### --feedback--

This word is used to add emphasis or to show a contrast or unexpected outcome.

# --explanation--

> The word `though` is often used at the end of a sentence to add emphasis or to show a contrast with what was previously said or implied. In this context, Lisa is emphasizing her surprise or curiosity about whether James found the situation stressful despite his success. Example: `The presentation went well, though it was stressful at first.` (in this sentence, `though` highlights the contrast between the overall success and the initial stress)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Though` is often used at the end of a sentence to add emphasis or to show a contrast with what was previously said or implied. In this context, Lisa is emphasizing her surprise or curiosity about whether James found the situation stressful despite his success. For example: 

`The presentation went well, though it was stressful at first.` - Here, `though` highlights the contrast between the overall success and the initial stress.
```
